# Course Professor Review

Here I list general important considerations about the underlying course
professor, and a bit more.

## Evaluation Issues

This is common problem university professors (bureaucrats) all have. I got a
final grade of 82/100. This is absolutely wrong, and if it wasn't for this
completely fool evaluation, I would have easily gotten about 95/100 instead.
That means that if you got back luck you are fucked, while someone else who had
more luck got a better grade.

Unfortunately, I don't have access to that test, but it was an exam that looked
like a 5-year-old made it, it's cringe. It was super confusing but easy. Of
course, if you're a shitty professor doing things wrong, the least you can do is
to make evaluations easy, so easy that they are confusing. Like most university
evaluations, you just need to memorize or have on-hand notes about things way
too esoteric without any context. That is a complete useless evaluation. It's a
kind of unit test for humans, with no sense, they just copy-paste pieces of text
without individual meaning, and then you have to remember what is the \*right
answer\*.

The problem why I got a low grade here, is that there were multiple-choice
questions, but the statement said something like "choose one", so I only
selected one answer per sheet. Another issue was the aesthetic of the test, it
was something awful, imagine the kind of questions they can ask, but they are
actually images (screenshots of text) not text!, and the multiple-choice (a, b,
c, d) was overlapped everywhere, so you don't even understand what the fuck is
the answer a), or which is b).

## No Makeup Exam for Another Chance

According to UNAH academic norms, all students have the right the make the
lowest-grade exam in the
end (https://blogs.unah.edu.hn/cienciasjuridicas/lineaminetos-sobre-los-examenes-de-reposicion-ii-pac-2018/)
.

Well, we don't do that here (it's not the first time I have this issue):

![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/tobiasbriones/cp-unah-is910-simulation-theory/releases/download/v2022.04.25/Screenshot.2022-05-03.122840.png)

I honestly didn't understand what he said. If you speak Spanish, you can easily
follow that shit is completely broken Spanish. But they have degrees. But they
have "30 years of experience" (they tell you at the beginning of the class they
are "experienced" so you can't talk shit about them). But they are academics
with IEEE and APA formats. I've had mathematics professors (some of them) who
can write professional well written, respectful messages via Telegram, or chat (
even if they are wrong, academics are diplomatic arrogant). Then we can see
why "engineers" are just mediocre bungles in Sheldon Cooper (the Big Bang
Theory) words. And that's why people tell me I am like Sheldon Cooper, and it's
pretty accurate, I do feel identified. I hate engineers. But you can be a
bungler incompetent, or a mathematician/physicist with specialization in
engineering like me, but that's another topic.

Most engineers are just what I call "plain engineers", if you want to be a real
engineer, you must have a solid mathematical/physics background first, doesn't
matter the engineering field at all. Logical reasoning will always be helpful
disregarding what you do.

He was not the worst professor I've had at all, but he's definitely not someone
who can be called "an engineer".

Most professors I've had, are not able to give good instructions. They don't
know the tools, they don't speak the technical language, they are colloquial,
etc. You usually never understand what their incompetent words mean. All
students are constantly confused about what to do.

## Not an Engineer

He "taught us" about writing "clean code" by creating a directory for CSS, other
for JS, and so on.

![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/tobiasbriones/cp-unah-is910-simulation-theory/releases/download/v2022.04.25/Screenshot.2022-05-03.123235.png)

Well, that is called fragmentation, I'm sure they all don't understand as they
don't even have a technical language at all. We create logically cohesive
components in modern development which is the oposite of separating files into
stereotypes.

And WTF are those `*.txt` files?

![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/tobiasbriones/cp-unah-is910-simulation-theory/releases/download/v2022.04.25/Screenshot.2022-05-03.123720.png)

Imagine a "Systems Engineer" according to a third-world university degree, who
sends you code through Whatsapp as is. Someone who can't use GitHub even just to
drag and drop files as if it was OneDrive. Someone who claimed to have had 30
years of experience and who doesn't accept feedback from "students yelling at
him...".

Some years ago, the career admin or coordinator told me I was not a software
engineer because I needed to pass those classes like accounting, UML, system
analyst, and my math or CS background was not what software engineering is
about. We, software engineers, know that is completely false. Software
engineering in the US and any sane country is based on a CS or Math background,
I've seen curriculums. The problem in Third World countries is that they force
you to be more like an accountant, or the one who talks to stakeholders to
gather requirements or product manager. This is because public universities
yield employees (peons) for the third-world government, and archaic NON-TECH
companies like banks or the university itself, because they have vertical
hierarchies of "important people". They need someone who can solve these kinds
of problems that are not related to real engineering. You will NEVER see a unit
test, at that university, for example, so you can make your numbers of how
incompetent engineers they all are.

Thus, if I can't be a software engineer because I don't have a degree (at that
time), why do they have engineering degrees if they don't know anything about
engineering? See what I'm talking about?

Being a balls-sucker and calling these folks engineers is an insult for me or
any real engineer who has nothing to do with them.

## Take Away

This section is not related to this particular review, but just to inform about
some general university issues.

I could've done these reviews with proofs since I started the university, but
back in the day, I was just a peon of the system. Now I know how useful
documenting everything is. Imagine if someone clever had told me about all this
way before? That's what they don't want to allow, they want you to be a peon,
and bureaucrats (including professors or academics) are the machinery that works
for that purpose.

Bureaucrats are mega peons, they are arrogant assholes with many degrees, but
still a peon. They see you through the vertical hierarchies (degrees) to
estimate your importance. They don't care about your education. I've had the
best grades, but they only show off those peons working for free for the
university. They give importance to those biased with their organizational
(business) agenda. If you are intelligent but are not biased or have family
hierarchy or money then you don't exist for them even for the public university.
I'll leave this right here but there's a lot to tell.

Documenting everything with proof would be a huge work, and there are EVIL
things that have happened in that university, to me, to others too. We all know
this, but if we don't speak up, that is just buried into the past, and we must
not allow that. Don't allow history to repeat. Learning from history, that's the
reason I'm engaged in documenting as formal as I can, and as much as I can
everything that I pass through.

And don't tell me I can't say cuss words because that has nothing to do with my
professional work. I am who I am, not the peons built at an authoritarian
academy. Each problem has a more granular solution, you don't choose absolute
morals to apply everywhere. Scientific work has a formal way of addressing,
other things are different, which leads to different solutions, everything is
relative.

Just check the quality of my projects and resources. That has absolutely nothing
to do with how we work at university. I just love doing things right, and the
only thing I can do to avoid suffering at school is to flatten that career
monolith and make projects that are useful for me in real life instead. Hence, I
don't go to the university to study like most do. I study and work hard, and
part of it, is passing the university as a consequence instead. In other words,
I do what I have to do, and I try to finish the university as a consequence of
those efforts.
